Fix story Resistor Color Duo (#1561)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/resistor-color-duo/description.md

* Each resistor has a resistance value.
* Resistors are small - so small in fact that if you printed the resistance value on them, it would be hard to read.

> To get around this problem, manufacturers print color-coded bands onto the resistors to denote their resistance values. Each band has a position and a numeric value. For example, if they printed a brown band (value 1) followed by a green band (value 5), it would translate to the number 15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get around this problem, manufacturers print color-coded bands onto the resistors to denote their resistance values. Each band has a position and a numeric value. For example, if they printed a brown band (value 1) followed by a green band (value 5), it would translate to a value of 15.
```

Perhaps?

Author: > "The original story has been written by the product team, to make it an exemplar for future descriptions, so let's keep that as is. "

We discussed `number` vs `value` in the original story discussion. Do you mind if we just leave it?

Reviewer: Sure. I do think it _detracts_ from the clarity, but no strong opinion on it 😄

In this exercise, you are going to create a helpful program so that you don't have to remember the values of the bands. The program will take two colors as input, and output the correct number.

> The colors are mapped to the numbers from 0 to 9 in the sequence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The colors are mapped to the significant digits, from 0 to 9, in the sequence:
```

I prefer using significant digits, because "number" it too abstract, and not really correct, e.g. brown (1) is `1 * 10 ^ 1` or `1 * 10 ^ 0`.

Author: The 'significants' was removed from a previous version, per request of the product team. 
@ihid, @kytrinyx, if you're okay with this, I'm okay with it too.

Reviewer: Ah. Okay.

I think significant digits might be a pretty technical term, and _may_ be why it was removed :sweat_smile:, but perhaps just "digits" would work. The significant part follows from the rest of the README?
